	c++ practical questions:
1.
What is OOP? How does it differ from precedural programming?
2.
What is inline function? Illustrate with example.
3.
Define class and objects. How are data members and memeber function accessed by objects. Give examples.
4.
Use class concept of C++ to sort 10 given positive integers using bubble sort.
5.
Use class concept to record the marks of five students in five different subjects and display each students' result.
6.
Write a C++ program to add two different time having hours, minutes and seconds as attributes. Your answer should to be appropriate enough to be called correct.
7.
What is friend function? How does it differ with normal functions? Mention the characteristics of friend function.
8.
Create two classes DM and DB which store the value of distances. DM stores distances in metres and centimeteres and DB in feet and inches.
Write a program that can read values for the class objects and add one object of DM with another object of DB.
Use a friend function to carry out the addition operation. The object that stores the results may be a DM object or DB object, depending on the units in which the results are required.
The display should be in the format of feet and inches or metres and centimetres depending on the object on display.
9.
What are constructors used for? Explain with its types.
10.
Write a program to show the use of all type of constructors.
11.
What is operator overloading? Why is it necessary?
12.
A friend function cannot be used to overload assignment oprator(=). Explain why?
13.
Define a class string. Use overloaded == operator to compare two strings.
14.
Define a class distance. Ask user to input two distances one in  foot and inches and other in metres and centimeters. Use overloaded < or > to compare these two distances.
15.
Find out the differences between pointers and refrence variables.
16.
Define a class REPORT with the following specification:
Private members :
adno                         4 digit admission number
name                        20 characters
marks                       an array of 5 floating point values
average                    average marks obtained
GETAVG()                 a function to compute the average obtained in five subject
Public members:
READINFO()              function to accept values for adno, name, marks. Invoke the function GETAVG()             
DISPLAYINFO()          function to display all data members of report on the screen.
You should give function definitions.
17.
